Title: More

----

Author: brodie

----

Tag: blog

----

Text: 

It's art! A statement on modern society, 'Oh Ain't Modern Society Awful?'! You've swallowed a planet! I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks! *Insistently* Bow ties are cool! Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell me what normal blokes do!

I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in. It's art! A statement on modern society, 'Oh Ain't Modern Society Awful?'! Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish. I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in.

*Insistently* Bow ties are cool! __Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell me what normal blokes do!__ *I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt.* *catches himself* And that is not how I'm introducing myself.

Aw, you're all Mr. Grumpy Face today. It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool. I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in. You've swallowed a planet!

I'm the Doctor. Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't know why. *Insistently* Bow ties are cool! Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell me what normal blokes do!

No… It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas? I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. *catches himself* And that is not how I'm introducing myself.

Aw, you're all Mr. Grumpy Face today. It's art! A statement on modern society, 'Oh Ain't Modern Society Awful?'! Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. No, I'll fix it. I'm good at fixing rot. Call me the Rotmeister. No, I'm the Doctor. Don't call me the Rotmeister.

I am the last of my species, and I know how that weighs on the heart so don't lie to me! You hate me; you want to kill me! Well, go on! Kill me! KILL ME! I'm the Doctor. Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't know why.

They're not aliens, they're Earth…liens! You hit me with a cricket bat. Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish. Father Christmas. Santa Claus. Or as I've always known him: Jeff.

No… It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish.

You hate me; you want to kill me! Well, go on! Kill me! KILL ME! The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.…hey.…the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant.

Saving the world with meals on wheels. Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! They're not aliens, they're Earth…liens! You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas?

No, I'll fix it. I'm good at fixing rot. Call me the Rotmeister. No, I'm the Doctor. Don't call me the Rotmeister. I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks! I'm the Doctor. Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't know why.

They're not aliens, they're Earth…liens! The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.…hey.…the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant.

Aw, you're all Mr. Grumpy Face today. I am the last of my species, and I know how that weighs on the heart so don't lie to me! I am the last of my species, and I know how that weighs on the heart so don't lie to me!

The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.…hey.…the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant. Did I mention we have comfy chairs?

You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas? All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong? All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong?

Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish. All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong? I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. *catches himself* And that is not how I'm introducing myself.

*Insistently* Bow ties are cool! Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell me what normal blokes do! Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish. I am the last of my species, and I know how that weighs on the heart so don't lie to me!

You've swallowed a planet! Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! No… It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. Aw, you're all Mr. Grumpy Face today. I am the last of my species, and I know how that weighs on the heart so don't lie to me!