Title: Second Post, Yo

----

Author: nathan

----

Tag: blog

----

Text: 

Noooooo! That's the ONLY thing about being a slave. Kif might! This is the worst kind of discrimination: the kind against me! Stop! Don't shoot fire stick in space canoe! Cause explosive decompression!

Yes! In your face, Gandhi! Soothe us with sweet lies. We don't have a brig. Okay, it's 500 dollars, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold the charge and the reception isn't very…

I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan! Kif, I have mated with a woman. Inform the men. Noooooo! Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg! __I'm Santa Claus!__ *Good news, everyone!* I've taught the toaster to feel love!

What are you hacking off? Is it my torso?! 'It is!' My precious torso! You know, I was God once. Alright, let's mafia things up a bit. Joey, burn down the ship. Clamps, burn down the crew. I was all of history's great robot actors - Acting Unit 0.8; Thespomat; David Duchovny!

And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I, too, hope one day to go. The toilet. Soon enough. Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble. But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused.

No, she'll probably make me do it. No! Don't jump! I love you, buddy! I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh… also, comes with double prize money.

You are the last hope of the universe. Now that the, uh, garbage ball is in space, Doctor, perhaps you can help me with my sexual inhibitions? Enough about your promiscuous mother, Hermes! We have bigger problems.

Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head." You've killed me! Oh, you've killed me! Bender, being God isn't easy. If you do too much, people get dependent on you, and if you do nothing, they lose hope. You have to use a light touch. Like a safecracker, or a pickpocket.

Bender, I didn't know you liked cooking. That's so cute. Fry, we have a crate to deliver. Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat.

But existing is basically all I do! Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages! How much did you make me? For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored.

Professor, make a woman out of me. Shut up and get to the point! And remember, don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, don't not do it!

Spare me your space age technobabble, Attila the Hun! Doomsday device? Ah, now the ball's in Farnsworth's court! Good news, everyone! There's a report on TV with some very bad news! You guys go on without me! I'm going to go… look for more stuff to steal!

Daylight and everything. I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe! Michelle, I don't regret this, but I both rue and lament it. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers.

But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver. Kids have names? That could be 'my' beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing.

I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day. Daddy Bender, we're hungry. Shinier than yours, meatbag. Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat.

Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon. One hundred dollars. Kif, I have mated with a woman. Inform the men.

You won't have time for sleeping, soldier, not with all the bed making you'll be doing. This is the worst kind of discrimination: the kind against me! Bender?! You stole the atom. Negative, bossy meat creature!

Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying! Michelle, I don't regret this, but I both rue and lament it. That's not soon enough! Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything.

I love you, buddy! Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. And when we woke up, we had these bodies. We need rest. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised.

I wish! It's a nickel. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers. For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. For the last time, I don't like lilacs! Your 'first' wife was the one who liked lilacs!