Title: #3: What do you do with a drunken director?

----

Author: kira

----

Tag: episode

----

Text: 

Say what? It's toe-tappingly tragic! Now that the, uh, garbage ball is in space, Doctor, perhaps you can help me with my sexual inhibitions? Whoa a real live robot; or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume?

Oh Leela! You're the only person I could turn to; you're the only person who ever loved me. Ok, we'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go ride the bumper cars. Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat.

It's a T. It goes "tuh". You're going back for the Countess, aren't you? __Hello, little man.__ *I will destroy you!* Why did you bring us here?

Pansy. There's no part of that sentence I didn't like! No! I want to live! There are still too many things I don't own! Nay, I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar.

Yes, except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock. That's not soon enough! Hello, little man. I will destroy you! There's one way and only one way to determine if an animal is intelligent. Dissect its brain!

Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers. Nay, I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar. I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring.

Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal? I barely knew Philip, but as a clergyman I have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him.

I'm Santa Claus! Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker. Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying! Ugh, it's filthy! Why not create a National Endowment for Strip Clubs while we're at it?

Who are you, my warranty?! Who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a death sphere? Please, Don-Bot… look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! We're also Santa Claus!

Guess again. If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right. You lived before you met me?! Check it out, y'all. Everyone who was invited is here.

Stop it, stop it. It's fine. I will 'destroy' you! I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness. Oh right. I forgot about the battle. And until then, I can never die?

I never loved you. Is that a cooking show? I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. No, just a regular mistake. Take me to your leader!

Negative, bossy meat creature! I don't know what you did, Fry, but once again, you screwed up! Now all the planets are gonna start cracking wise about our mamas. Also Zoidberg. I could if you hadn't turned on the light and shut off my stereo.

I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy! I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense. I'm a thing. It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus. All year long, the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter, while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came, and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns. Also he got a race car. Is any of this getting through to you?

Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'? Of all the friends I've had… you're the first. I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though!

THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN! Now that the, uh, garbage ball is in space, Doctor, perhaps you can help me with my sexual inhibitions? That could be 'my' beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing.

I was all of history's great robot actors - Acting Unit 0.8; Thespomat; David Duchovny! Goodbye, friends. I never thought I'd die like this. But I always really hoped. Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker.

I am Singing Wind, Chief of the Martians. I've got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, I'm going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Now 'I'' have to pay ''them'!

But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. Kids don't turn rotten just from watching TV. Yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.

Why not indeed! They're like sex, except I'm having them! Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute. And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Bite my shiny metal ass.

----

Embed: <script class="podigee-podcast-player" src="https://cdn.podigee.com/podcast-player/javascripts/podigee-podcast-player.js" data-configuration="https://podcasttest.podigee.io/1-the-test/embed?context=external"></script>